Query: Do you know any soups from Paraguay?
Recipe ID: 66441, Score: 0.3523
Name: crock pot special
Description: this is from a handwritten recipe card, so i dont know where it is from.  i do know that it is simple and delicious.  great served over egg noodles, mashed potatoes or rice.
Ingredients: pot roast, cheddar cheese soup, condensed golden mushroom soup, french onion soup
Steps: mix soups together, place roast in crock pot and pour soup mixture over, cook on low 8-9 hours, serve over egg noodles , rice or mashed potatoes

Recipe ID: 46129, Score: 0.3161
Name: chicken tortilla soup max erma copycat
Description: this is an excellent copy cat recipe of the soup that is served at max and ermas restaurant food chain. this is my dhs favorite soup. the cilantro is optional i make it without it. this recipe makes a lot and is wonderful as leftovers. next time im going to half the recipe as its only the two of us.
Ingredients: cream of mushroom soup, cream of chicken soup, cream of celery soup, chicken broth, cheddar cheese soup, diced tomatoes, green chilies, salsa, onion, fresh cilantro, garlic cloves, chili powder, salt and pepper, chicken breasts, tortillas, vegetable oil
Steps: in a large pot mix all soups until they appear to be somewhat smooth and well mixed, then add the remainder of the ingredients to the salt and pepper, bring the soup to a full boil and reducing heat to simmer for 1 hour stirring occasionally, while the soup is simmering cut the four chicken breasts in to small chunks, cook them in a separate pan, once the soup has simmered for an hour add the pieces of the cooked chicken to the soup, let the soup remain on simmer for another hour, continue to stir the soup making sure nothing sits at that bottom of the pan for a long period of time, while the soup cooks the last hour , cut however many tortillas you want into thin slices, take about 1 / 3 of them and throw them into the soup and allow them to cook with the soup, the remaining you can lightly fry in the oil until they are golden to place on top of the soup when its done, enjoy

Recipe ID: 208545, Score: 0.2807
Name: tangy tomato soup
Description: another fabulous recipe from the desparation dinner ladies. i dont know why any one would want to open a can of condensed tomato soup when they can have homemade tomato soup in 20 minutes.
Ingredients: olive oil, onion, garlic, diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken, cheddar cheese
Steps: heat the oil in a soup pot over medium-high heat, add the onions and garlic and cook for 1 minute stirring often, add tomatoes and their juice and the tomato sauce, raise the heat to high , cover the pot and bring to a boil, stir in the chicken broth, cover the pot and bring the soup back to a boil, reduce the heat ot low and simmer for 10 minutes to develope the flavor, spoon the soup into individual serving bowls and sprinkle with cheese, swirl it to leave ribbons or melted cheese in the soup

Recipe ID: 80481, Score: 0.2772
Name: emilie favorite chicken rice
Description: i dont know who emilie is, all i know is that this is very good. from the beyond macaroni and cheese cookbook. again, i tweeked the original a bit.
Ingredients: chicken, celery, rice, mayonnaise, mushrooms, onion, lemon juice, salt, cream of chicken soup, cream of celery soup, butter, potato chips
Steps: preheat oven to 350 degrees, mix all ingredients except topping, place in 2 quart casserole dish, mix topping and spread over top, bake 35 minutes or until bubbly

Recipe ID: 39585, Score: 0.2756
Name: cheese soup
Description: this is a hearty soup for cold winter suppers.  serve with round crackers and a crunchy blt.
Ingredients: chicken bouillon cubes, potatoes, california-blend frozen vegetables, cream of celery soup, cream of chicken soup, cheese soup
Steps: peel and cube potatoes, place potatoes in a two-quart pan and cook in bouillon liquid, when potatoes are tender add california mix , celery soup , chicken soup and cheese soup, stir to mix, transfer to crockpot and turn on high, heat for 30 minutes, or , just turn stove top to medium and let soup simmer / boil for 45 minutes-hour

Recipe ID: 215131, Score: 0.2662
Name: tomato sour cream dumpling soup
Description: i got this recipe from a friend.  if you like tomato soup this is different. it will be a lighter color then normal tomato soups and chunkier because of the tomatoes.  i personally like to puree my tomatoes that way the kids like it more. the dumplings are made very tiny to almost be like a small noodle.  let me know what you think. my friend says this freezes well, i have not tried to do that. so let me know for the oamc forum and i will update this recipe for this.
Ingredients: tomatoes, sugar, butter, scallions, fresh parsley, fresh dill, salt and pepper, chicken stock, flour, milk, sour cream, eggs, salt, black pepper
Steps: sprinkle tomatoes with sugar , set aside, in a large soup pot: melt butter , add scallions and saute until golden, add parsley , 1 / 2 the dill and all the tomatoes, sprinkle with salt and pepper , cover and cook on medium heat for 10 minutes stirring every 2 minutes, add the chicken stock , bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer 30 minutes, with a wire wisk , mix 4 t, flour with milk until lump free, slowly pour into the soup stirring constantly, cover and bring to a boil over medium heat stirring occasionally to avoid scorching, reduce heat and simmer, dumplings: mix together the ingredients for the sour cream dumplings, the dough will have a consistency firmer than pancake batter , but softer than dumpling dough, as the soup simmers , dip a small spoon into soup, using the hot spoon , take almond size pieces of dough and drop into the simmering soup, cook until dumplings all come to the top of the soup, take 1 cup sour cream and whisk it with a few spoonfuls of the hot soup, stir until smooth, add back into the soup, sprinkle with remaining dill on top, adjust seasoning by adding more salt and pepper, if the soup is too acidic add more sugar, enjoy

Recipe ID: 190181, Score: 0.2521
Name: smoky potato soup
Description: this soup is a variation of my irish mothers potato soup.  i won third prize in the san diego unions potato recipe contest. 
i love the combination of rosemary and garlic in this soup.  i use an immersion blender and lightly puree the soup, rather than putting it in my traditional blender...much much safer!
Ingredients: chicken broth, russet potato, sweet potato, white onion, celery, smoked bacon, garlic cloves, fresh rosemary, milk
Steps: in a large soup pot , fry bacon over medium heat , until browned, transfer bacon to a paper towel to drain, remove all but 2 tablespoons bacon fat, saute onion , celery , and garlic for 5 minutes or until limp, add chicken broth and potatoes to the soup pot, cover and simmer over medium-low heat for 20 minutes , or until potatoes are tender, transfer half of soup to blender , and puree until smooth, put pureed soup back in soup pot, stir in rosemary and bacon, bring the soup to a simmer, add a little milk or broth to make soup desired consistency, season with salt and pepper

Recipe ID: 18069, Score: 0.2489
Name: barley beef vegetable soup
Description:  
Ingredients: soup bone, water, stewing beef, onion, thyme, black pepper, salt, paprika, bay leaf, barley, canned tomatoes, carrot, celery, peas, green beans, potatoes, parsley
Steps: place the first 10 ingredients in a soup kettle, bring to a boil , then simmer for about 3 hours, skim soup until clear while simmering, remove soup bone, add all remaining vegetables and simmer for about 30 minutes longer, let soup stand for about 15 minutes before serving, i love making homemade soups and bread on cold wintry days

Recipe ID: 57083, Score: 0.2486
Name: condensed cream chicken mushroom soup gluten free
Description: this recipe is to be used for substituting when a recipe calls for condensed cream of chicken soup. make a large batch of the powdered mix and store in your pantry so you have it on hand when needed. the powedered mix below will make 4.5 cans of condensed soup or 9 cans of regular soup. to make regular soup, simply cut the amount of powedered mix in half when cooking. this recipe is based on bette hagmans cream soup base.
Ingredients: powdered milk, rice flour, pepper, salt, instant chicken bouillon granules, cold water, sliced mushrooms, water
Steps: for 1 can of condensed cream soup: in a saucepan , whisk 8 tablespoons of powdered soup mix with 1 / 4 cup cold water, follow either step 2 or 3 to make the equivalent of 1 can of condensed cream of chicken or mushroom soup, condensed cream of chicken soup: add 1 cup of water and cook over medium high heat until soup thickens , stirring frequently, condensed cream of mushroom soup: pour liquid from canned mushrooms into a measuring cup and add water to measure 1 cup, add liquid to saucepan and cook over medium high heat until soup thickens , stirring frequently, after soup has thickened , stir in mushrooms

Recipe ID: 189554, Score: 0.2468
Name: smoked beef sausage soup
Description: i love ham hocks and 15 beans soup.  i love potato soup.  i also love beef stew, meatball soup and chicken soup, but sometimes i just want something different and a chance to play with my food so i went to my kitchen, tossed the fridge and pantry and came up with this soup on a cool rainy spring day when soup just seemed to fit the mood.  serve it with hot crusty garlic bread to dip into the broth.  use vegetable broth and leave out the meat for a vegetarian soup.  fast and easy after work meal.
Ingredients: smoked beef sausage, onion, dry onion soup mix, garlic cloves, vegetable stock, carrot, bow tie pasta, italian-style tomatoes, garbanzo beans, fresh spinach leaves, dried oregano, basil, crushed red pepper flakes, red wine
Steps: place carrots , onions , garlic , onion soup mix , spices and beef stock in a large soup pot, simmer until vegetables are done, add the pasta , tomatoes , garbanzo beans and wine, simmer until pasta is done, add smoked sausage and spinach, bring to boil , stirring occasionally until spinach is wilted and soup is hot, salt and pepper to taste

Recipe ID: 160878, Score: 0.2465
Name: pioneer woman cauliflower soup
Description: i love this soup but also wanted to know the calories. simply amazing soup.
Ingredients: butter, onion, carrot, celery, cauliflower heads, parsley, low sodium chicken broth, all-purpose flour, whole milk, half-and-half, salt, sour cream
Steps: in a large soup pot or dutch oven , melt 4 tablespoons butter, add the onion and cook for a few minutes , or until it starts to turn brown, add the carrots and celery and cook an additional couple of minutes, add cauliflower and parsley and stir to combine, cover and cook over very low heat for 15 minutes, after 15 minutes , pour in chicken stock or broth, bring to a boil , then reduce heat and allow to simmer, in a medium saucepan , melt 4 tablespoons butter, mix the flour with the milk and whisk to combine, add flour-milk mixture slowly to the butter , whisking constantly, remove from heat and stir in 1 cup half-and-half, add mixture to the simmering soup, allow to simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, check seasoning and add more salt or pepper if necessary, just before serving , place the sour cream in a serving bowl or soup tureen, add two to three ladles of hot soup into the tureen and stir to combine with the sour cream, pour in remaining soup and stir, serve immediately

Recipe ID: 168882, Score: 0.2462
Name: quick creamy vegetable soup
Description: this really is a good, quick soup which is tasty and pleasing.  the recipe calls for using cream of chicken soup but any creamy soup may be used.  i like cream of onion or cream of shrimp.
Ingredients: water, salt, frozen mixed vegetables, celery, condensed cream of chicken soup
Steps: combine water and salt in a saucepan, you may want to substitute chicken broth for the water, add the vegetables and celery and cook 10 minutes, blend in the cream of chicken soup or whatever creamy soup you choose, reduce heat to simmer and heat 2 to 3 minutes longer

Recipe ID: 48368, Score: 0.2452
Name: chinese cucumber soup
Description: twelve months of monastery soups
Ingredients: chicken broth, salt and pepper, cucumbers, sesame oil, mushrooms, rice vinegar, scallions, ginger powder
Steps: place the broth in a soup pot and bring it to a boil, add the cucumbers , mushrooms , scallions , salt , and pepper, cover the soup pot and cook gently over low-medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes, blend the soup in a blender, add the extra seasonings-sesame oil , vinegar and ginger- and blend well, refrigerate the soup for a few hours and serve cold, or reheat the soup and serve it hot as the chinese do

Recipe ID: 144382, Score: 0.2432
Name: peeky chicken casserole
Description: this is a good dish for company, for everyday, for potlucks--very easy to do.
Ingredients: rice, milk, mushroom soup, cream of celery soup, kitchen bouquet, fryer, dry onion soup mix
Steps: place rice , milk , kitchen bouquet and soups in a 9x13-inch cake pan, stir well, arrange chicken pieces on top and press down into soup mixture, sprinkle with dry onion soup mix, cover tightly with aluminum foil, bake in 300f oven for 2 hours

Recipe ID: 63996, Score: 0.2426
Name: creamy tomato soup oregano roasted garlic
Description: i hope this will taste like the recipe from campbells soup company, but even better.  they dont make that soup any more and i really miss it.  im planning to make this using fresh tomatoes this summer from my garden.
Ingredients: olive oil, onion, diced tomatoes, vegetable stock, roasted garlic, oregano leaves, salt, fresh ground pepper, heavy cream, honey
Steps: in a nonreactive soup pot , heat oil over medium-low heat and add onion, stir and saute for a minute or two, cover , lower heat and sweat onions for about 3 minutes, add tomatoes and stock to the pot , stir and increase heat to medium, squeeze garlic cloves from their skins into the soup pot and add 1 tablespoon of the garlic- infused oil left from roasting, add the oregano , stir well , cover and cook until soup comes to a simmer, simmer gently for 5 to 10 minutes, season with salt and pepper, in a blender in small batches , blend the soup, return the blended soup to the pot, put the last ladle or two of soup into the blender , add cream and blend, then add the cream mixture to the soup pot and stir to blend, heat over low heat until the soup is heated through, taste for seasoning, sometimes canned tomatoes can be acidic so add honey or sugar to bring up the sweetness if necessary, serve hot, do not allow the soup to boil or it may separate, roasting garlic:, to roast garlic , separate the cloves and put them in a small ovenproof dish and drizzle with two tablespoons of olive oil and cover with foil, bake at 325 degrees for about 35 to 40 minutes until the cloves are soft and tender

Recipe ID: 72478, Score: 0.2425
Name: disney chicken pot pie soup
Description: i will make double batches and freeze this soup.
Ingredients: cooked chicken breasts, frozen mixed vegetables, condensed cream of potato soup, condensed cream of chicken soup, skim milk
Steps: in a medium sauce pan combine chicken , mixed vegetables , cream of potato soup , cream of chicken soup and milk, heat through and serve with crumbled crackers on top

Recipe ID: 48039, Score: 0.2420
Name: chilled pear chicken soup
Description: a flavoursome light soup that is served chilled.  a delicious choice for summer dining.  it’s ideal before a heavier main course or served for lunch with warm crusty bread rolls.  this recipe has been in my word files for some years.  unfortunately when i first saved it, i did not include any indication of its source.  all i know is that it is clearly from an australian website and that the original recipe was catherine saxelby’s.   thank you, catherine.  what i have posted here is my adaptation of catherine saxelby’s recipe.  i have added several ingredients and changed several others.  i’m sure that you will do the same when you make it.  i have not, however, tried it as a warm soup, probably because i have only ever made it in summer.  please let me know what it’s like if you do serve this warm.
Ingredients: pears, light olive oil, onion, sweet red pepper, celery, skinless chicken breasts, chicken stock, ground cinnamon, fresh ginger, dry white wine, low-fat yogurt
Steps: drain the pears , chop into large chunks , discard the juice and set aside, heat the oil in a large saut pan with a lid , add the onion , red pepper , celery and chicken and cook over a medium heat for 3-4 minutes , while stirring, add the stock and bring to the boil, reduce the heat to low , cover and continue cooking for another 10 minutes or until the onion , red pepper and celery are soft, add the pears , cinnamon , ginger and white wine, this cools the soup down so that you that you really dont need to allow much more time for cooling before you process the soup, puree the soup in batches in a food processor or blender until smooth , transferring each batch to your serving bowl, when all batches have been processed , mix the soup well to ensure that the consistency is even, cool the soup in the refrigerator until well chilled, to serve , divide the soup between 4 soup bowls and place a dollop of yoghurt in the middle of each bowl and garnish with a sprig of parsley , mint or some other fresh herb that you have on hand

Recipe ID: 215850, Score: 0.2412
Name: tortilla soup
Description: a delightful, creamy, with a little kick tortilla soup. no using canned anything here! easy soup to put together, with items on hand. note: chicken can be made ahead of time, or alongside of soup.
Ingredients: vegetable oil, onion, garlic, chipotle pepper, bell pepper, jalapeno peppers, cumin, dried oregano, red chili powder, tomatoes, chicken broth, cooked chicken breasts, milk, lime juice, salt, flour tortillas, oil, sour cream, cilantro
Steps: heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large soup pot, add onion and cook until softened, add garlic , cook 30 seconds, add all chopped peppers cook until soft, add cumin , oregano , red chili pepper , tomatoes, add stock, bring mixture to a simmer and cook 10 minutes, puree the soup in blender, add pureed soup back to soup pot, add chopped chicken to mixture, simmer this for 10 minutes, add milk , and stir until heated through, stir in the lime juice, taste for seasoning , add salt as needed, cut tortillas into 1 / 4 inch strips and fry them in 1 tablespoons of oil, to serve , ladle soup into 4 soup bowls, top with tortilla strips , sour cream and cilantro

Recipe ID: 140919, Score: 0.2404
Name: mushroom soup burgers
Description: comfort food - easy to make.  i dont know where i got this recipe or even if there was one.  a favorite of our family ive been making for over 40 years.  carrots could be added with the potatoes.  soup  makes a good gravy.
Ingredients: hamburger patties, raw potatoes, milk, cream of mushroom soup
Steps: brown hamburger patties in large skillet or electric fry pan, after hamburger is browned , drain excess grease, combine soup and milk , pour over hamburgers, peel and quarter potatoes and add to meat and soup, salt and pepper to taste , if desired, simmer covered 30 to 45 minutes or until potatoes are done

Recipe ID: 43416, Score: 0.2397
Name: chicken breasts rice
Description: this is one my mom makes quite a bit, recipe comes from my grandma. the rice is the best part!
Ingredients: cream of mushroom soup, dry onion soup mix, milk, long grain rice, mushroom pieces, chicken breasts
Steps: mix together soup and milk , reserve 1 / 2 cup, stir together soup mixture , rice , 1 / 2 package onion soup mix , and mushroom pieces, pour into baking dish, lay chicken pieces on top, pour 1 / 2 cup reserved soup mixture over chicken , and sprinkle remaining 1 / 2 package soup mix over all, cover and bake at 350 for 1 hour, uncover and bake additional 15-30 minutes

Recipe ID: 77651, Score: 0.2395
Name: easy pizza soup dressed tomato soup
Description: my kids love this soup.
Ingredients: condensed tomato soup, milk, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, dried oregano
Steps: mix the condensed soup and milk and heat until warm, either in microwave or on the stove top, pour soup into two bowls, add 1 / 4 cup mozzarella cheese , 4-5 slices of pepperoni and 1 / 8 teaspoons oregano to each bowl, stir and serve, other favorite pizza toppings can be added too

Recipe ID: 62688, Score: 0.2383
Name: creamy chicken stuffed crescents
Description: very quick & simple dish that your whole family should enjoy! i usually serve with rice.
i have been making this recipe so long i dont follow a recipe & which is why i dont know exact amounts. i think i made the directions clear though:). i think this is one of those recipes i just threw together or i may have read it somewhere & altered for me all i know is it was one of those recipes i first tried when i was pregnant & couldnt get enough of it! :)
Ingredients: crescent rolls, cream of chicken soup, milk, cheese, chicken
Steps: cook chicken as desired, i usually boil boneless , skinless breast - then shred / chop, unfold cresent triangles & fill with chicken & cheese, fold & roll up cresents & place seam down in small greased baking dish, empty soup into small mixing bowl & then fill empty soup can half full with milk & mix into soup, pour soup / milk mixture over chicken cresents, top with shredded cheese, bake 375 for 20-30 minutes, enjoy !

Recipe ID: 187211, Score: 0.2379
Name: simple salsa soup
Description: i am so excited about this soup! it is a chicken broth soup flavored and textured by a bright salsa puree and has mozzarella melting in the bottom of the bowl! it is extremely simple to make. if the directions seem long, its only because ive given lots of notes. very little chopping and very little cooking to this recipe. i think the melting mozzarella makes this broth soup special! what i like most about serving this low-cal soup is that it can be easily adjusted to meet the taste of your guests . there are garnishes that add the finishing touches to the soup and make this recipe fun for entertaining. you can add any of the garnishes to the soup immediately before serving if you prefer, but i would not add the sour cream. even if you temper the sour cream, it makes the soup cloudy. i simply put a small dish of sour cream on the table for each guest. i dip the tip of my spoon in the sour cream and then take soup on to the spoon. im one of those perfect bite kind of people, thats why i love serving the soup with the garnishes!! enjoy!!
Ingredients: cherry tomatoes, red onion, garlic cloves, cumin, lime juice, jalapeno, chicken broth, cooked chicken, fresh mozzarella cheese, cilantro, avocado, sour cream
Steps: place broth into your favorite soup pot, heat broth on medium, meanwhile , in a food processor , chop the onion and garlic , using 1 second pulses until well chopped , but not mushy , about 8 pulses, add tomatoes , jalapeos , cumin , 1 tablespoon lime juice and pulse until mixture is very fine , almost pureed, you should have just about 1 cup of salsa, turn up heat under soup, add shredded chicken to broth, when soup just starts to simmer add salsa mixture , 1 tsp lime juice , and 1 tablespoon cumin, quickly stir and remove from heat, adjust seasonings to taste, to serve:, cut mozzarella into to half inch thick round slices and place slices in bottom of soup bowls, ladle the simmering broth into bowls over the cheese, let the soup sit for about 2 minutes , to allow the heat of the soup to soften the mozzarella, serve with garnishes on the side, make sure to tell your guests that there is wonderful melted cheese on the bottom of the bowl !, enjoy !

Recipe ID: 53025, Score: 0.2371
Name: chunky potato bacon soup
Description: this is made with convenience ingredients, yes, even cream of soup. but its so good! and i used the low fat cream soup, and light cheese. very hearty and comforting on a cold night, and so quick to prepare!
Ingredients: hash browns, milk, cream of celery soup, processed cheese, bacon, worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper
Steps: combine potatoes , milk , soup , cheese , bacon and the worcestershire sauce in a large soup pot, heat to boiling over med high heat , stirring often, boil while stirring until the cheese melts, add in salt and pepper to taste, sprinkle more bacon over bowls of soup , if desired

Recipe ID: 78915, Score: 0.2361
Name: edith gump french onion soup
Description: everyone knows by now how much i hate edith gump but love her cooking. i only pretend to like her and take her phone calls so she will share her delicious recipes. this onion soup is ambrosia in a bowl.
Ingredients: butter, white onions, beef broth, salt, garlic powder, parmesan cheese, french bread, swiss cheese, mozzarella cheese
Steps: saut onions in melted butter in a large soup pot or saucepan for 15 to 20 minutes or until onions begin to brown and turn transparent, add beef broth , salt and garlic powder to onions, bring mixture to a boil , then reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 1 hour, add the grated parmesan cheese in the last 10 minutes of cooking the soup, when soup is done , preheat oven to 350 degrees and toast the french bread slices for about 10 to 12 minutes or until they begin to brown, when bread is done , set oven to broil, build each serving of soup by spooning about 1 cup of soup into an oven-safe bowl, float a toasted slice or two of bread on top of the soup , then add a slice of swiss cheese on top of that, place a slice of mozzarella on next and sprinkle 1 tablespoon of shredded parmesan cheese over the top of the other cheeses, place the soup bowl on a baking sheet and broil for 5 to 6 minutes or until the cheese begins to brown

Recipe ID: 56958, Score: 0.2361
Name: comforting chicken rice casserole
Description: this was given to me through a recipe tree. it is quick, easy and oh so yummy. i have made this many times when delivering dinners to friends and always get asked for the recipe. it is a wonderful comfort food dinner!
Ingredients: cream of chicken soup, cream of mushroom soup, milk, instant rice, dry onion soup mix, chicken breasts
Steps: combine can soups , milk and rice, mix until well blended and place in 9x13 greased baking dish, place chicken on top of soup mixture, spoon a little bit of soup mixture over the chicken so that there is a small coat on top and then sprinkle onion soup packet on top of chicken, cover with foil and seal tightly, bake 325 for 1 to 1 1 / 2 hours

Recipe ID: 204179, Score: 0.2343
Name: super easy tomato soup
Description: this has got to be the easiest tomato soup recipe ever, and its delicious. it tastes like canned homemade tomato soup that my mamaw used to make. yes, all the ingredients are from a can.. but i assure you its so tasty! and best thing, it takes about 10 minutes to make. i serve mine with grilled cheese or crackers.
Ingredients: campbells tomato soup, diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, pepper
Steps: combine all ingredients, bring soup to a boil, turn heat to low after soup boils and let simmer for 5 minutes, serve and enjoy

Recipe ID: 204456, Score: 0.2339
Name: super simple oh tasty tomato soup
Description: this was inspired by another tomato soup recipe with additional ingredients. i kept it simple and made a great soup to pair with grilled cheese.
Ingredients: onion, butter, diced tomatoes with garlic and olive oil, condensed tomato soup, milk
Steps: in a saucepan , saut onion in butter until tender, stir in seasoned tomatoes , soup , and milk, with a wand blender , whirl soup until desired consistency, bring almost to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes

Recipe ID: 215968, Score: 0.2325
Name: tourain du perigord garlic soup perigord
Description: this soup warms you to your core!
use a thick grained white bread, nothing too fluffy.
a variation of this soup is to cook a bowl full of sorrel with the garlic, and proceed with the rest of the directions.  (btw - this soup is also used to prevent hangovers!)
Ingredients: garlic cloves, butter, flour, water, chicken bouillon cube, dry white wine, white vinegar, eggs, bread, salt, pepper
Steps: heat the butter or goose fat in a soup pot , and add in the chopped garlic, cook till the garlic is a little golden , then add the flour , stirring, this makes a roux that will slightly thicken the soup, add the chicken stock , or water with the chicken bouillon cubes , and heat this over medium high heat for about 10 minutes, take a normal size wine glass , and fill half of it with white vinegar, separate the two eggs , putting the yolks in with the vinegar , and the whites into a bowl, blend the vinegar and egg yolks in the wine glass with a little spoon , and pour this into the soup pot , stirring, this further thickens the soup, pour dry white wine into the wine glass to make it half full, pour this into the soup pot , stirring, medium high heat, now , take a fork and fork through the egg whites in the bowl, pour the whites into the soup pot , stirring, the whites cook in the liquid, add salt and pepper to the pot, ladle the soup into soup bowls into which the diners have put a slice or two of bread, be sure everyone gets some egg white as you ladle up the soup

Recipe ID: 47965, Score: 0.2320
Name: chilled carrot soup cumin lime
Description: it’s been a bit difficult to decide between warm weather soup and cold weather soup, our temperature has fluctuated so much. i started out having this carrot soup warm the first day and then cold the next day. it worked both ways, so you can eat it whichever way you like depending on how hot or cold you are.

there are lots of recipe for carrot soups around, but this one is nice and tangy with the lime juice and cumin is one of my favourite spices, so i really enjoyed this soup. this would be a great cold soup to serve in shot glasses as an appetizer at a 4th of july barbeque.

this soup is from bon appétit, august 1998.
Ingredients: olive oil, carrots, leeks, garlic, ground cumin, dry crushed red pepper, chicken stock, sour cream, fresh lime juice, fresh cilantro, lime zest
Steps: heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat, add carrots and leeks, saut until leeks begin to soften but not brown , about 5 minutes, add garlic, saut 1 minute, add cumin and crushed red pepper, saut 30 seconds longer, add 6 1 / 2 cups chicken broth, bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer uncovered until vegetables are very tender , about 35 minutes, working in batches , pure soup in blender until smooth, transfer soup to large bowl, cool, whisk in 6 tablespoons sour cream, cover soup and refrigerate until cold , at least 4 hours or overnight, stir lime juice into soup, thin soup with more broth , if desired, season with salt and pepper, ladle into 4 bowls, spoon 1 / 2 tablespoon sour cream atop each serving, sprinkle with cilantro and lime peel

Recipe ID: 120719, Score: 0.2308
Name: leftover chicken tortilla soup casserole
Description: with all the tortilla soup recipes here on zaar, there must be some leftovers.  so heres what you do with the leftover soup.  no more leftovers--theyre planned overs.  use the soup as the base for this tasty mexican casserole.
Ingredients: tortilla soup, tortilla chips, salsa, sour cream, black olives, cheddar cheese
Steps: preheat oven to 350, pour leftover soup into a large casserole pan, dump tortilla chips into the soup , mix well, add salsa to soup & chips if the soup isnt very soupy, mix well, slather sour cream over the top, sprinkle on the olives, sprinkle the cheese over the olives, bake for 30-35 minutes , until cheese is bubbly and casserole is heated through, other options: add some chopped green chilis , cumin , red peppers

Recipe ID: 141721, Score: 0.2303
Name: favorite french onion soup
Description: i make soups alot. this is great. recipe comes from take home chef curtis stone. my kids love it
Ingredients: olive oil, onions, garlic cloves, fresh thyme sprigs, bay leaf, dry red wine, sherry wine, beef stock, salt & freshly ground black pepper, sourdough bread, gruyere cheese, flat leaf parsley
Steps: to prepare the soup and toast:, place a heavy based large pot over a moderate heat, drizzle the olive oil into the hot pot and add the onions, cook the onions for 1 hour or until they are golden , stirring often, once the onions become very soft they will begin to stick to the bottom of the pot and turn a caramel brown color, as this occurs , scrape the browned onions from the bottom of the pot and stir them into the remaining onion mixture, add the garlic , thyme and bay leaf to the onions and cook for 5 minutes or until the garlic softens, add the red wine and sherry and stir to scrape up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan, simmer for 5 minutes or until the liquids reduce by half, add the stock and bring the soup to a gentle simmer , skimming any foam that rises to the top , if necessary, season the soup lightly with salt and pepper, add just a bit of salt and pepper here , but not too much since the soup will reduce as it simmers and the flavors will become more concentrated, allow the soup to simmer uncovered for 25 minutes, season the soup to taste with salt and pepper, meanwhile , preheat the broiler on high, arrange the sourdough bread slices on a baking sheet and broil for 2 minutes or until golden brown on top, divide the soup among 6 high sided ovenproof serving bowls, place the bowls of soup on a heavy baking sheet, place one bread slice , toasted side down , on top of each bowl of soup, divide the cheese among the soup bowls and sprinkle with parsley, place the soup bowls under the broiler for about 3 minutes or until the cheese melts and is golden brown, remove from the broiler and serve

Recipe ID: 144705, Score: 0.2301
Name: peek chicken
Description: easy and tastes great! no better combination!
Ingredients: wild rice, skinless chicken, low-fat cream of celery soup, water, mushroom soup, dry onion soup mix
Steps: sprinkle rice in bottom of greased 9 x 13-inch pan, place chicken over rice, pour celery soup , water , mushroom soup and dried onion soup over chicken, cover securely with aluminum foil and bake at 350 on top rack of oven for 2 - 2 1 / 2 hours and dont peek !

Recipe ID: 85334, Score: 0.2300
Name: fluffy rice chicken
Description: this is a dish that has a nice strong and intense flavor. its easy to prepare. just serve a side vegetable with it and dinner is done. hope you enjoy!
Ingredients: condensed cream of mushroom soup, milk, rice, mushroom stems and pieces, onion soup mix, chicken breasts
Steps: heat oven to 350 degrees, mix mushroom soup and milk, reserve 1 / 2 cup of mixture, mix remaining soup mixture , the rice , mushrooms and half the onion soup mix, pour into ungreased baking dish , 11 1 / 2 x 7 1 / 2 x 1 1 / 2 inches, place chicken breasts on top, pour reserved soup mixture over chicken breasts, sprinkle with remaining onion soup mix, cover with aluminum foil, bake 1 hour, uncover, bake 15 minutes longer

Recipe ID: 31684, Score: 0.2296
Name: busy day chicken rice casserole
Description: one of our favorites.  great to take for new moms or people home from the hospital.
Ingredients: condensed cream of mushroom soup, condensed cream of celery soup, water, white rice, garlic powder, ground black pepper, dry onion soup mix, boneless skinless chicken breast halves
Steps: preheat oven to 325 degrees f, in a large bowl combine the mushroom soup , celery soup , water , rice , mushrooms , garlic powder and black pepper, mix all together, pour mixture into a 9x13 inch baking dish and spread on bottom, lay chicken pieces over soup mixture and sprinkle dry onion soup mix over all, cover tightly with aluminum foil and bake in the preheated oven for 1 to 1 1 / 2 hours or until chicken is cooked through and no longer pink inside

Recipe ID: 218843, Score: 0.2293
Name: tuscan white bean garlic soup
Description: from everyday italian
Ingredients: butter, olive oil, shallots, sage, cannellini beans, low sodium chicken broth, garlic cloves, cream, fresh ground black pepper, ciabatta, extra virgin olive oil
Steps: place a medium , heavy soup pot over medium heat, add the butter , olive oil , and shallot, cook , stirring occasionally , until the shallots are softened , about 5 minutes, add the sage and beans and stir to combine, add the stock and bring the mixture to a simmer, add the garlic and simmer until the garlic is softened , about 10 minutes, pour the soup into a large bowl, carefully ladle 1 / 3 to 1 / 2 of the soup into a blender and puree until smooth, be careful to hold the top of the blender tightly , as hot liquids expand when they are blended, pour the blended soup back into the soup pan, puree the remaining soup, once all the soup is blended and back in the soup pan , add the cream and the pepper keep warm , covered , over very low heat, place a grill pan over medium-high heat, drizzle the slices of ciabatta bread with extra-virgin olive oil, grill the bread until warm and golden grill marks appear , about 3 minutes a side, serve the soup in bowls with the grilled bread alongside

Recipe ID: 190565, Score: 0.2293
Name: snob pork chops
Description: i got this online; sorry i dont know the original chef. its very easy but tastes fancy.
Ingredients: pork chops, vegetable oil, condensed golden mushroom soup, white wine
Steps: brown chops on both sides in oil, remove from skillet, drain oil, add half the soup, replace chops on top of soup, mix rest of soup with wine and pour over chops, simmer 20 minutes, enjoy a glass of wine with dinner

Recipe ID: 118779, Score: 0.2281
Name: kossman chicken rice
Description: an easy casserole. if you like green bean casserole, you will like this dish. it is real easy and smells wonderful baking. anybody can make this. i didnt even layer this; just plopped the chicken on top of the rice mixture and covered it with onion soup mix.
Ingredients: cream of chicken soup, cream of mushroom soup, water, rice, whole chicken, lipton onion soup mix
Steps: mix cream of chicken soup , cream of mushroom soup , water , and rice together, put a layer of soup mixture in a baking dish, add the chicken, add the rice mixture, sprinkle the top with the lipton onion soup mix, cover with tin foil, bake at 375 degrees fahrenheit for 2 hours, uncover for the last 30 minutes of baking

Recipe ID: 11032, Score: 0.2275
Name: avgolemono soup
Description: this is a greek soup, its a lemony chicken noodle or rice kinda soup. i learned the recipe from my yia-yia grandmother when i was younger. its great for those cold wintery days or a rainy fall or spring day. or if youre just in the mood for some soup. 

now you can either used canned chicken noodle/chicken and rice soup which is fastest or make homemade chicken soup which is healthier and probably overall better tasting. but its up to you. this recipe is going to go by the canned soup.
Ingredients: condensed reduced-sodium chicken noodle soup, eggs, lemon juice
Steps: cook chicken soup on stove per directions on the can, in a large , metallic heat resistant bowl beat the 2 eggs with at least 1 / 4 cup of lemon juice, once the soup is cooked , take a ladle and add broth only as much as you can help avoiding the other ingredients and add it to the egg and lemon juice mixture, as you ladle in the broth , constantly beat the egg and juice as to not let the egg start to cook due to the heat of the broth, add as much of the broth to the bowl as you can then pour the contents of the bowl back into the pot with the noodles, stir the soup to mix the broth throughout, taste test to see if youd like to add more lemon, enjoy with a roll or delicious bread of your choice ! opa !

Recipe ID: 92982, Score: 0.2269
Name: gluten free like campbells tomato soup
Description: this recipe is as easy as opening a can of commercial tomato soup! the flavour is the about the same and everyone loves it! it can be used just as soup or in casseroles calling for tomato soup.
Ingredients: tomato paste, milk, salt
Steps: in a saucepan on stove , stir ingredients together, heat until at the boiling point, if you like a thinner soup add a little water or more milk, serve

