Query: I do not want to eat pizza, what can I eat instead?
Recipe ID: 161267, Score: 0.3191
Name: pizza hut eggs
Description: this is how i like to use leftover pizza!
Ingredients: pizza crust, eggs
Steps: call pizza hut and order your favorite pizza, eat until you explode but save at least one slice, refrigerate remaining slices, next morning remove from fridge and scrape off topping from pizza, microwave pizza crust for 5 seconds or so until crust is just about room temperature and remove to a plate, scramble eggs and pizza topping together, spoon over pizza crust and eat with a fork

Recipe ID: 109609, Score: 0.3073
Name: make pizza
Description: pizza was originally started in naples, italy but has now become a popular type of food, it can go with almost anything and creating your own could taste better than the ones you buy in the shop. this article will give you 2 different ways of creating your pizza, one method is faster than the other.!
Ingredients: tomato paste, ham, cheese, olive, sausage
Steps: preheat your oven to about 180 degrees, buy ready-made pizza bases , such as mccains ready-made pizza bases if you are short on time, if you have plenty of time , then you can just get dough, to make the method faster , dont get a huge pizza if youre only serving yourself or two, you dont want to take forever making your pizza, spread tomato paste on your pizza base, it is a good idea to buy one that is specially made for pizzas, you may want to sprinkle some italian seasoning with the sauce as well, make sure you dont put tomato base on the outside part of the pizza , or you wont have a crust for your pizza, dont make the sauce layer too thick or too thin, put a layer of ham onto your pizza, use nice , wholesome and delicious ham for your pizza to help it taste better, if a brand claims that it is the best ham , buy it , taste it , and see for yourself, in order to find the best ham , take a whole bunch of ham from the store, it doesnt have to be the perfect ham , just the ind of ham that you like, some people prefer smoked , while others prefer cooked ham , or honey ham, it all depends on you , and a couple of other people to help take votes, make sure that it is within its use-by date, ham is optional because some people dont like ham in their pizza, add a sprinkling of cheese, you can put as little or as much as you like , depending on your personal taste, mozzarella pizza cheese usually tastes really nice on pizzas, other people prefer other types of cheese, just like the ham , it is up to you, make sure that there are no spots without the cheese for your best taste, some people dont like the cheese , while some dont want too much cheese, common pizza takes the same old mozzarella , but if you are feeling creative , you can use any cheese you want-with any amount ! try being creative if you are artistic , and if you area serious chef then cook the traditional way, the benefits of creating your own is that you can find a better tasting way of pizza , and it is more fun !, enjoy it by adding sliced olives to your pizza but make sure that the olives are pitless, you dont have to have olives , this is optional, you can take almost any topping you want , like extra cheese , sausage , meatballs , pepperoni , chili peppers , supreme , veggies , and others, remember that it is your pizza and that you can do whatever you want with it, this time , youre the chef !, place your pizza on an oven tray sprayed with olive-oil , so that the pizza doesnt stick, you can use anything that prevents the pizza from sticking to the pan, this is important , and if you dont do that , you can end up without the pizza, put your pizza in the oven , and turn it down to about 160 degrees, too hot pizzas can burn you , and then youll have to wait to eat your pizza, you dont want to have to wait for the pizza to cool off, plus , you can get distracted and leave it in too long , then realize that you forgot the pizza was in the oven , and then you have charcoal in the oven, nobody wants their work to turn into burn ashes , dont they ? this happens with some people, take it out after about 15 - 25 minutes , depending on your oven, use your own judgment to tell when the pizza is ready, the cheese should be a golden brown , but it should not be burnt, grill method spread the sauce all over the tortilla but you might want to leave a little crust around the edge, leaving some around the edge will give you that delicious , crispy pizza taste, also , it will give you that nice crust to eat later after the main part of the pizza is eaten, put on your toppings and arrange, remember , you can take any topping you want , anywhere you want, just dont melt a pepperoni on a meatball !, grate the cheese over the pizza, you can use basically any cheese such as cheddar or edam, mozzarella cheese is the best for pizzas and it is the most common , but there are many cheeses to choose from, simply put it under the grill, be careful not to get burned and your pizza could sizzle and pop because of the common bubbles in the pizza crust, the bubbles form often in pizza , but the best pizza doesnt have bubbles, take it out after three minutes , it should be done ! now you can enjoy your tasty work, wood-fired oven method get your pizza base , it can be any sort , although it cant be more than 2 cms thick, place your tomato base and toppings on , do not be scared to put sausage , or any other raw meat on, it will cook, make sure your wood-fired oven is very hot for the best pizza ever and to help the pizza cook faster, put your pizza into the oven , preferably on a tray so the base does not burn, remember that you dont want your work to burn , and nobody wants a burnt pizza, turn your pizza every 30 seconds for two minutes , and at the 1:30 mark take it off the tray, now your pizza should be done, take your pizza out and enjoy !

Recipe ID: 10372, Score: 0.2836
Name: aunt janet tuna rice curry
Description: this is one of my aunts most requested dishes. she brings this salad to nearly every family gathering. being of an artistic bent, she decorates the top with 
Ingredients: minute rice, celery, chives, tuna, mayonnaise, milk, ranch dressing mix, curry powder
Steps: after rice has cooled add remaining ingredients, mix and refrigerate till chilled, then eat , eat , eat , eat , eat

Recipe ID: 188278, Score: 0.2833
Name: skinny pizza
Description: when you want pizza but not all the calories and fat!
Ingredients: rice cakes, fat-free american cheese slices, pizza sauce, pizza seasoning, basil, vegetables
Steps: put pizza sauce on rice cakes, sprinkle pizza seasoning , basil and any optional vegetables on top of pizza, cover each pizza with a piece of fat free cheese, heat in microwave for 30-60 sec, depending on your preference

Recipe ID: 188277, Score: 0.2772
Name: skinny pineapple cake
Description: this was given to me by a friend at the gym. its so simple im almost embarassed to post! but its so delicious and low fat! you can have your cake and eat it too!
Ingredients: angel food cake mix, dole pineapple, cool whip lite
Steps: in a large bowl mix cake mix with undrained pineapple, pour into an ungreased 9x13 cake pan, bake 30 minutes at 350, cool, frost with cool whip, eat , eat , eat ! eat all you want !

Recipe ID: 168056, Score: 0.2771
Name: quick easy healthy mixed seafood pizza
Description: this a great recipe for those times when you want to eat something unique, but you dont want to spend a lot of time making it.  this calls for common store-bought ingredients, but you can easily tweak the recipe.  for example, sometimes i use 3 personal-size pizza crusts instead of one large pizza crust, and you can easily just use shrimp if you cant find the frozen seafood mix.
Ingredients: pizza crust, olive oil, pizza sauce, seafood, garlic cloves, fresh parsley, parmesan cheese
Steps: preheat the oven to 425f, lightly brush the top of the pizza crust with about 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, then , spread the sauce over it , and bake for ten minutes, pat the cooked seafood dry using paper towels , then arrange on top of the pizza, then , sprinkle the chopped garlic and parsley on top of that, drizzle the remaining oil over the pizza and return it to the oven, bake for 5-10 minutes , until the seafood is warmed through and the crust is golden, sprinkle with the cheese and serve immediately

Recipe ID: 132078, Score: 0.2752
Name: matt favorite easy pepperoni pizza
Description: we call this matts pizza because he could eat it everyday. it is so easy, he makes it himself for a quick snack or family dinner. perfect kid food.
Ingredients: boboli pizza crusts, pizza sauce, italian seasoning, pepperoni slices, mozzarella cheese
Steps: spread 1 / 4 to 1 / 3 cup pizza sauce on each boboli pizza crust, sprinkle each pizza with italian seasoning, place 6 to 8 pepperoni slices on each pizza crust, sprinkle each pizza with 1 / 4 cup cheese, place pizzas on baking sheet, bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes or until cheese melts

Recipe ID: 161196, Score: 0.2643
Name: pizza con le patate potato pizza
Description: potato pizza
Ingredients: pizza dough, potatoes, rosemary, extra virgin olive oil, salt and pepper
Steps: preheat oven to 500 f, evenly spread the potato slices over the pizza, top with the rosemary leaves, spread the olive oil on the pizza, add salt and pepper, bake the pizza for approximately 10 - 15 minutes, lift one side to check for readiness, pizza is ready when the bottom surface is light brown

Recipe ID: 111301, Score: 0.2611
Name: individual pizzas
Description: i made these over 30 years ago for my family when i had to cook. i made these long before canned pizza sauce was available like it is now. either that or my mom did not buy it. my brothers loved these! they were always happy when i made them. one of my brothers would take a full pan of 10 pizzas with him if i had a pan on the counter and he had to go somewhere. he always came home with an empty pizza pan. this recipe can very easily be doubled or tripled. you can use any meat of your choice and add any ingredients you want. it is an easy way to make pizza to each persons taste. they can pick what they want on their own pizza. this is something easy for kids to make too.
Ingredients: biscuit, tomato sauce, ground beef, cheddar cheese
Steps: preheat oven to 350 degrees, cook ground beef in a skillet, separate biscuits and put them on a sheet of waxed paper or foil, flatten each biscuit with palm of your hand until thin but not too thin, place each one on a cookie sheet or pizza pan, spread approximately 1 tsp tomato sauce on eachpizza evenly , depending how saucy you want them, put a spoonful of hamburger on each pizza, spread evenly, sprinkle each pizza with cheese , depending on how cheesy you want them, bake in oven for 10 minutes or until edges are golden brown, cool for a few minutes before serving

Recipe ID: 1707, Score: 0.2609
Name: 7 day soup diet recipe
Description: this recipe was created by a major toronto ontario hospital to rapidly and safely reduce a patients weight prior to surgery.
its safe and it works!
Ingredients: crushed plum tomatoes, pasta sauce, tomato paste, green onions, beef broth, celery & tops, fresh green beans, green bell peppers, carrots, chili powder, coarse salt, paprika, cayenne pepper, prepared mustard, ground black pepper
Steps: in a very large stock pot , combine tomatoes , pasta sauce , tomato paste and beef broth, over med / high heat , bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat and simmer covered for 15 minutes, wash and rough chop carrots , celery , and green peppers into 1 inch cubes, wash , trim and cut green beans into 1 inch lengths, chop green onion into 1 / 4 inch lengths, add all vegetables to simmering pot, stir to combine, add chili powder , cayenne , mustard , salt , black pepper and paprika to soup mixture, stir and simmer on low for 60 - 90 minutes, -------------------------------------------, soup diet - day #1, eat as much of any fruit you want except bananas, eat only soup and fruit today but eat all you want, ------------------------------------------, day #2, all veggies, fill up on fresh vegetables, eat all the soup you want and have a large baked potato with butter at dinner time, but no fruit today, -------------------------------------------, day #3, eat all the soup , fruit and veggies you want , but no potatoes, if you havent cheated you will have lost, 5-7 lbs by tomorrow morning, -------------------------------------------, day #4, bananas and skim milk, eat at least 3 bananas and all the milk you want today, remember , you can have soup anytime you want, --------------------------------------------, day #5, beef and tomatoes, you can have up to 20 ounces of beef and 6 tomatoes in any style you like, remember to eat soup too, -------------------------------------------, day #6, beef and vegetables, eat all the beef and veggies you want today, you can have 2-3 steaks if you want , with green leafy vegetables, but no potatoes, dont forget to have soup, --------------------------------------------, day #7, brown rice , unsweetened fruit juice , and veggies today, eat all you want whenever you want and have soup as often as you can, the soup is the key --, --------------------------------------------, if you havent cheated , you should have lost 10 - 17 lbs, prescription medications will not be affected by this diet , but check with you doctor before you begin the diet just to be sure, remember, the more soup you eat , the more weight you will lose

Recipe ID: 183761, Score: 0.2601
Name: semi copycat sporky pizza bertucci
Description: this was my favorite pizza when i lived in boston.  ive tried to get our local pizza places to make and sell it, but to no avail. they just make the same old - same old pizza!
i have not included oven temp or time to cook because it all depends on the pizza you buy.
Ingredients: frozen cheese pizza, tomatoes, ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, olive oil, italian sausages
Steps: set the oven at the right temp from directions on pizza box, sprinkle part of olive oil over pizza top, slice tomato and spread on top of pizza, use the riccota in chunks and spread over pizza, spread chunks of sausage over top of pizza, sprinkle rest of olive oil over all, top with as much mozzorella as you wish, put into oven for as long as required by pizza directions on box, however , 5 minutes before the minimum time has elapsed , check to see if pizza is ready

Recipe ID: 124518, Score: 0.2572
Name: linda mexican pizza
Description: i love making this pizza, which started out as an experiment, and quickly became a favorite in my house...  if you like mexican, you will love this tasty pizza!  this pizza is a little on the hot side, so adjust the jalapenos and juice accordingly.  if you dont like real hot, use the pepperocini peppers and juice instead of the jalapenos.  it gives it a nice zip, but no where near as hot as the jalapenos.
Ingredients: prepared pizza crust, pizza sauce, chunky salsa, jalapeno juice, jalapenos, black olives, onion, mozzarella cheese
Steps: mix pizza sauce , and salsa together, add jalapeno juice , and mix well, pour on pizza shell , and spread out to edge of pizza shell, spread jalapenos all around , on top of sauce, spread black olives on top of pizza, spread onion on top of pizza, sprinkle cheese all over top of pizza , spreading to cover all, cook at 425 for 15-20 minutes

Recipe ID: 150176, Score: 0.2568
Name: original diet cabbage soup
Description: this is the recipe from sacred heart memorial hospital which is used
for overweight heart patients to lose weight rapidly usually before
surgery. so it is safe, and a great way to lose weight anytime!
Ingredients: diced tomatoes, green onions, lipton onion soup mix, celery, head of cabbage, green beans, green peppers, carrots, salt and pepper, curry powder, beef bouillon, tabasco sauce
Steps: cut vegetables in small to medium pieces and cover with water, boil fast for ten minutes, reduce to simmer and continue cooking until vegetables are tender, this soup can be eaten antime you are hungry, eat as much as you want, this soup will not add calories, the more you eat the more you will lose, fill a thermos in the morning if you will be away during the day, if eaten alone for indefinite periods you would suffer malnutrition, for drinks - unsweetened juices , tea , coffee , cranberry juice or water, the diet:, day one: eat only soup and fresh fruits , except for bananas, day two: all vegetables, eat all raw or canned vegetables except beans , peas or corn, eat along with the soup, at dinner time eat a large baked potato and butter, eat no fruits, day three: eat all the soup , fruits and veggies you want, no potatoes or bananas, day four: eat 3 bananas and drink 3 glasses of skim milk, drink as many glasses of water as you like, eat lots of soup as well, day five: eat the soup at least once this day, you mau jave 10-20 ounces of beef and a can of tomatoes or as many as 6 frest tomatoes, try to drink 6-8 glasses of water to wash away uric acid from your body, day six: beef and veggies, eat all the beef and vegetables you want , but no potato, eat the soup at least once today, day seven: brown rice , unsweetened fruit juice and vegetables, again stuff yourself and be sure to have the soup at least once today, at the end of the seventh day you should have lost 10-17 lbs, if you have lost more than 15 lbs , stay off the diet for two days, this seven day eating plan can be used as often as you like, if correctly followed , it will clean your system of impurities and give you a feeling of well-being as never before, broiled chicken or fish may be substituted for the beef on only one of the beef days, no nos: bread , alcohol , carbonated drinks , and no fried foods

Recipe ID: 8871, Score: 0.2511
Name: artichoke pizza
Description: this is a vegetarian gourmet pizza - sometimes i want pizza but pepperoni feast is just too much!
Ingredients: black olives, marinated artichokes, chestnut mushrooms, mozzarella cheese, tomato sauce, prepared pizza crust
Steps: heat up your oven as hot as it gets, prepare pizza crusts - you can use ready made or use your favourite dough recipe, spread tomato sauce evenly to the both pizzas, add the grated cheese - yes , the cheese goes under the toppings, spread the mushrooms , artichokes and olives on the pizza, bake in the oven for about 10 minutes or longer , depending on how hot your oven is, pizza is done when the crust is golden

Recipe ID: 130634, Score: 0.2503
Name: margherita pizza white pizza
Description: tomato, basil, garlic, olive oil, mozzarella and ricotta cheese.
Ingredients: pizza crust, olive oil, pizza cheese, tomatoes, fresh basil, ricotta cheese, garlic powder
Steps: brush pizza crust with olive oil, spread 2 cups of cheese evenly over pizza, place sliced tomato evenly over pizza, spread shredded basil evenly over pizza, place tablespoon size globs of ricotta evenly over pizza, sprinkle with garlic powder, spread remainig mozzarella over pizza, bake at 400 15 minute or until cheese is bubbly and brown on the edges

Recipe ID: 85171, Score: 0.2498
Name: flourless pizza crust substitute
Description: since i should not eat bread or dough, this still allows me to eat my pizza. it is a soft crust since it is egg based. i add the garlic powder and grated cheese to give it a more pizza dough taste. i top it with extra lean beef, low-fat cheeses, sauce and veggies to keep it healthy.
Ingredients: egg whites, cream of tartar, egg yolks, splenda sugar substitute, salt, dry parmesan cheese, garlic powder, fat free cream cheese
Steps: beat the egg whites and cream of tartar with a mixer until stiff, in another bowl , beat the egg yolks , splenda , salt , garlic powder and cream cheese until smooth, gently fold the egg yolk mixture into the egg whites be very careful that you not to deflate the whites, spray cooking spray on a medium-sized pizza pan, spread mixture out on a pizza pan, sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese, bake at 300 f for 20 minutes, remove, place on toppings and bake pizza, this will be a soft crust pizza

Recipe ID: 81543, Score: 0.2465
Name: fabulous florentine pizza
Description: this pizza has tons of flavor. the recipe will make 1 15-inch pizza. the baking time assumes you will be using a pizza stone. if you are using an aluminum pizza pan (or a smaller pizza stone), you will have to compensate. the pizza dough calls for the use of a bread machine, but feel free to make your dough the traditional way as well. also, although this looks like a long recipe, it comes together quite quickly...especially if you prepare the pesto and toppings while the pizza dough is in the bread machine. prep time includes rising time as well as cooking time.
if you make this completely from scratch, you will have a nice gormet-quality pizza. alternately, you can take some shortcuts, and throw this pizza together in no time. use a purchases pizza shell, some pesto from a jar, and even some well drained frozen spinach, and you can have this pizza ready in minutes!
Ingredients: warm water, vegetable oil, sugar, salt, all-purpose flour, yeast, fresh basil leaves, garlic, pine nuts, olive oil, parmesan cheese, salt and pepper, fresh spinach, mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, asiago cheese
Steps: put the pizza dough ingredients in to a breadmaker , and process on pizza dough cycle, when cycle completes , remove the dough from the machine and put it in a bowl sprayed with cooking spray, cover it and let it rest for about 30 minutes, after 30 minutes , roll out the dough and put it on a greased 15 inch pizza stone sprinkled with some corn meal, bake in 375f oven for about 5 minutes, because the toppings on this pizza will generate some moisture , pre-baking the crust for a few minutes will prevent the pizza from becoming soggy, theres nothing worse than a soggy pizza ! after pre-baking the crust , remove the pizza from the oven , and raise the temperature to 430f if your pesto and toppings arent ready yet , cover the crust with a cloth and set aside while preparing the toppings, while pizza dough is processing , make the pesto, you will have more pesto than you will need for the pizza, but , it is better to have a little too much , than to come up short ! just save the extra in the fridge and use for something else, in a food processor or blender , blend the basil , garlic and pine nuts, slowly add the oil and continue to blend, add the parmesan cheese and blend until creamy, add salt and pepper to taste, set the pesto aside, prepare the pizza toppings, slice the mushrooms , chop the spinach fairly fine , julienne cut the sundried tomatoes, shred the 2 cheeses and mix the cheeses together, prepare the pizza ! spread the pesto on the pizza dough, depending on your preference , you will probably want between 1 / 2 cup - 3 / 4 cup of pesto, spread it right out to the edges, add the toppings, first the spinach , then the mushrooms , then the sun-dried tomatoes , and finally the cheeses, bake in a 430f oven for about 15 minutes

Recipe ID: 110651, Score: 0.2460
Name: imo pizza recipe st louis style pizza
Description: if youve had it, you know its crispy and amazing.he definitive characteristics of st. louis-style pizza are a super-thin yeast-less crust, the common (but not mandatory) use of provel processed cheese, and pizzas cut into squares or rectangles instead of large pie shaped slices. the crust is too thin to be folded like a ny style slice so little party pieces werer made. provel is a trademark for three cheeses fused to form one (provolone, swiss, and white cheddar), used instead of (or, rarely, in addition to) the mozzarella or provolone common to other styles of pizza. (wikipedia.com) georges pizza off of 95th st. in overland park, ks is my favorite pizza joint hands down. they do a similar style to this.
Ingredients: all-purpose flour, salt, baking powder, olive oil, dark corn syrup, water, whole tomatoes, tomato paste, sugar, basil, thyme, white cheddar cheese, swiss cheese, provolone cheese, hickory liquid smoke, oregano
Steps: crust: mix until thoroughly combined - dough will be very stiff, makes enough for two 12 pizza pies, the dough is ready to use as-is no need to rise or kneed, divide the dough in half , shape into a round ball and roll out paper thin, in order to move the crusts around a pizza peel sprinkled with cornmeal works well, after the crust , its the sauce that begins the first real steps towards forming the total imos pizza experience, imos uses a tomato sauce mixture that has a sweet taste , but its not so overly sweet to hide the rich tomato flavor or spices, sauce:combine together and it\s ready to use - do not pre-cook the sauce ! this makes enough sauce for about four 12 pizza pies , so that should give you some idea of how much to use on each pizza, on top of the sweet sauce imos uses provel cheese , which is simply a blend of cheddar , swiss and provolone cheeses with some liquid smoke flavoring, if you cant find provel in your local market , it can be easily created, cheese:toss until cheeses and smoke flavoring are completely incorporated, typically it\s enough cheese for two 12 pizza pies , but if you like extra-cheese you\ll want to make more, authentic imos pizza toppings include: extra-cheese , onion , green pepper , sausage , hamburger , pepperoni , anchovy , bacon , black olive , mushroom , canadian bacon , jalapenos , pineapple , banana peppers , and tomatoes, in a professional pizza oven the meat toppings can usually be put on raw , but at home youll want to fully precook the meat before assembling the pizza, now you have the correct style crust , sweet sauce , smoky cheese , generous toppings , its now ready to be lightly sprinkled with some italian seasonings, seasonings: combine all the ingredients in a small mixing bowl and blend well, while in the restaurant the pizza is baked in a pizza pan , at home youll have the best results using a pizza stone and an oven temperature around 450 degrees, if you dont have a pizza stone , use the thinnest baking sheet you have and the lowest over rack position, the pizza is done when the underside of the crust is a dark golden brown , and the cheese is has a slight golden tint to it, underbaking the crust will result in a limp crust , overbaking will result in a hard , tough , burnt-tasting crust , getting the right baking time to produce a crisp crust will require a bit of experimentation, the amount and type of toppings you use will also affect the total baking time, a rule-of-thumb is to check the pizza after about 10-12 minutes and adjust baking time from there accordingly, and , as a final touch to truly replicate imos pizza at home , is to cut the pizza into tile-like squares instead of the traditional triangle slices

Recipe ID: 63032, Score: 0.2448
Name: creamy garlic cheese pizza fresh basil
Description: my husbands creation.  this pizza is a favorite of ours because of my love for garlic and my husbands love for pizza with creamy sauces.  my kids love it because they dont like many toppings.  i use our recipe for the pizza dough recipe #252423.  half of this recipe makes 1 12 inch round deep dish pizza crust.  i love lots of fresh garlic in my pizza and this is definetely a pizza for big garlic lovers, though it is possible to go too far so be a little cautious when adding the garlic. ;)  prep time doesnt include making pizza dough.
Ingredients: pizza dough, ranch dressing, garlic cloves, cayenne pepper, mozzarella cheese, fresh basil
Steps: mix garlic , ranch , and cayenne pepper together, then spread it over the pizza crust leaving about 1 inch border of crust, cover the pizza with mozzerella cheese, then sprinkle the fresh basil leaves over the top, bake at 350 f for approximately 15-25 minutes, generally it takes about this long but the time can vary depending on the pizza crust being used

Recipe ID: 222408, Score: 0.2442
Name: veggie pepperoni pizza
Description: i am searching for a healthier pizza, and this is my first step towards one. i plan on using turkey pepperoni and a whole wheat crust in the future, but this pizza turned out really well. my family really liked it. i recommend the pizza sauce that i posted as a separate recipe for this pizza because it throws in some extra veggies in the sauce.
Ingredients: prepared pizza crust, pizza sauce, olive oil, mozzarella cheese, italian cheese blend, pepperoni, roma tomatoes, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, onion
Steps: preheat the oven to 450, spread the pepperoni between two paper towels and blot to remove the excess grease, brush the olive oil over the pizza crusts and cover with the pizza sauce, next add the cheese , pepperoni , and tomatoes in that order, finally topped with the chopped vegetables, place pizzas on pizza stones or pizza pans, these really work better than cookie sheets, change the oven temperature to 425 before putting the pizzas in the oven, bake until the crust is a golden brown, about 15 minutes

Recipe ID: 170174, Score: 0.2434
Name: rainbow veggie pizza
Description: a bright, happy and healthy pizza topped with many veggies.  a guilt-free pizza for family and friends.
Ingredients: broccoli, orange bell pepper, red cabbage, red onions, cherry tomatoes, pizza dough, olive oil, pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, sweet corn
Steps: slice all the vegetables into small , bite-sized pieces, thaw out , then roll out the pizza dough on a pizza pan, spread olive oil on top, spread pizza sauce, sprinkle mozzarella cheese, place all the vegeatables on top, if you want a rainbow effect then start in the middle and make concentric circles with each color, drizzle olive oil on top, bake at 400f for 20-25mins, slice and serve

Recipe ID: 69248, Score: 0.2409
Name: daddy favorite pizza
Description: when my husband and i were first dating--before we had our son--we would stay up all night and we would cook a lot.  his favorite thing for me to make was this pizza which was an experiment at first. we were looking for pizza that didnt taste like frozen pizza. it really doesnt!
Ingredients: pizza dough, pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, black olives, onion, bell pepper, mushroom, broccoli, pineapple, bacon, feta cheese, chicken, ground beef, potato, chives, sour cream, macaroni and cheese mix, basil, oregano
Steps: place pizza dough on pizza stone, cover with desired amount of sauce , spices toppings then cheese, bake at 300f until cheese is melted and bubbly around edges

Recipe ID: 161285, Score: 0.2376
Name: pizza lunchable oamc
Description: this recipe is in response to my sons desperate pleas for those lunchables that are unhealthy, expensive, and full of ingredients i cant pronounce...lol. since i refuse to buy them, i came up with this idea instead to compromise with him.
Ingredients: pizza dough, pizza sauce, cheese, ziploc bags
Steps: roll out pizza dough and bake according to directions on the canister, put 1 / 4 cup of cheese in 12 snack size ziploc bags, put 1 / 4 cup of sauce in 12 snack size bags, when the pizza crust is done cut into 12 squares, place two squares in each quart size ziploc, add one cheese packet and one sauce packet in the package with the crust, freeze, to eat , have your child put one package in their lunch box and by lunchtime it will the thawed and ready to eat !

Recipe ID: 136042, Score: 0.2375
Name: mini baked pizzas
Description: these little pizzas are great and fun to eat. you and/or your family will really like these as a snack or as a meal.
Ingredients: white bread, pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni
Steps: preheat your oven to 400f take the sauce and put over bread, cover the top of it completely, can use more if needed, next , take the cheese and sprinkle it over the sauce, when the oven is ready , put the pizzas on a baking sheet and cook them for 10-11 minutes or until bread is crispy on outside and cheese is melted, viola ! a wonderful treat !

Recipe ID: 161230, Score: 0.2366
Name: pizza dough sauce
Description: i make the dough with 1/2 white and 1/2 wheat flour. it gives the crust more substance and a better flavor. even my kids and their cousins prefer it this way. i like using olive oil in both the crust and the sauce.
since we only eat one pizza for a meal, i have included two methods for freezing the second one, or you can freeze both for oamc. note: prep time does not include rise time.
Ingredients: yeast, warm water, salt, oil, flour, tomato paste, red wine, oregano, sugar, vegetable oil, parmesan cheese
Steps: in a large bowl , sprinkle yeast over warm water and allow to set until it begins to foam , about 5 minutes, stir in salt , oil and half of flour, gradually add remaining flour , mixing well, knead 8-10 minutes or until smooth and elastic, place in greased bowl and let rise until double punch down and let rise again until double, punch down and divide, pat out on two pizza pans, top with pizza sauce & toppings, bake at 400 degrees for 20-25 minutes, pizza sauce: mix all ingredients together , blending well, makes enough for two 12- or14-inch pizzas or one thick 16-inch pizza, top with meats , cheese and other toppings, to freeze , prepared pizza method: double wrap and freeze the prepared pizza on the pizza pan, unwrap and bake the frozen pizza at 400f for about 22 minutes, alternative freezing method: after first punch down of dough , divide dough and place in a zip-loc bag and place in the freezer, to prepare , remove from freezer and place in a greased bowl, the dough will take about 8-10 hours to thaw and raise slightly, pat out on grease pizza pan and proceed as directed above, i also freeze half the sauce in a small container for future use

Recipe ID: 12466, Score: 0.2360
Name: bacon cheeseburger pizza
Description: the secret to this delicious pizza is to pre-bake your crust firstly and brown your beef well, then top as stated in directions and bake just to heat through and until the cheese has melted. this is a hearty pizza that can be made using store-bought refrigerated pizza dough or homemade, just make certain to pre-bake the crust before topping. this can also be made using a store-bought boboli pizza crust. the success of this recipe will also depend on your pizza sauce, i use my recipe#65641 it is a hearty full-flavored pizza sauce that works well for this recipe and of coarse any pizza! you can add in some green bell peppers and jalapeno peppers to the ground beef mixture also if desired. the ingredient amounts are enough for one 12-inch pizza, you can double the complete recipe to make two if desired.
Ingredients: ground beef, onion, garlic, seasoning salt, black pepper, parmesan cheese, pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, cheddar cheese, bacon
Steps: pre-bake the pizza crust in a 400 degrees oven until golden brown and baked, place the pizza crust on a pizza pan or baking sheet, in a skillet cook the ground beef with onion and garlic until browned drain fat then season with seasoned salt , black pepper and 1 / 4 cup grated parmesan cheese, add in the pizza sauce, reduce heat to low and cook stirring for 5 minutes, top the cusrt with the cooked ground beef mixture , then sprinkle with cheddar cheese , then mozzeralla cheese, top with cooked crumbled bacon, bake 400 degrees for 8-12 minutes

Recipe ID: 161392, Score: 0.2360
Name: pizza stuffed pizza
Description: i made this pizza one day for my kids. i originally was going to make a large calzone for them to share, but then creativity took over and this dish was born. its simple and delicious. as is with every pizza the best part is that you can top it anyway that you want. thats what makes pizza so fun after all, isnt it? the recipe submitted is a healthy version.
Ingredients: whole wheat pizza dough, tomatoes, salt, garlic powder, mozzarella cheese, red pepper, green pepper, red onion, cooking onion, turkey bacon
Steps: mix the strained tomatoes with the garlic powder and salt to taste to make your pizza sauce, chop the vegetables to a pizza-topping state, take 2 / 3 of the pizza dough and roll it out to about 14 in diameter, spread about half the sauce mixture out evenly on the rolled out dough , leaving about 1 1 / 2 inches from the edge, top the dough with the white onions , green pepper and turkey bacon , then cover with cheese, roll out the remaining dough until it is about 12 in diameter, place the 12 dough on top of the first prepared pizza, take the remaining sauce and cover the top layer completely, carefully fold the edges of the bottom layer over the top , sealing the bottom, cut some slits into the top crust , to allow for steam to escape, top the second layer with the remaining red peppers and red onions , then cover with the remaining cheese, place on a pizza pan or pizza stone in a 425f preheated oven and bake for 22 minutes, sprinkle cornmeal on , or grease , the pizza pan or stone to prevent from sticking

Recipe ID: 97006, Score: 0.2351
Name: greek mediterranean pizza
Description: i came up with this lactose-free pizza, and in my opinion it tastes great - you could potentially use it as an appetizer, or as a meal itself. the texture is a bit different, so it might be better to think of it more as an appetizer than as pizza. i used the pizza dough recipe from cheese pizza in the more with less cookbook. servings/yield is very dependent on how much dough you use, and how much you want to make. adjust ingredients accordingly.
Ingredients: pizza dough, hummus, chicken breast, red pepper, red onion, oil, italian seasoning, salt
Steps: prepare pizza dough, stretch it to fit the pan , creating as thick or thin a crust as you wish, place pizza dough in greased dish / baking tray with a little bit of cornmeal sprinkled on the bottom, spread hummus onto the dough in the pan, fry chicken in a pan with a little bit of oil , italian seasoning , and salt, once the chicken is cooked through , place evenly over pizza, spread red pepper and red onion evenly over pizza, bake in a 350 degree oven for 10-13 minutes or until crust is golden brown on sides and bottom

Recipe ID: 154695, Score: 0.2349
Name: paula deen mexican pizza
Description: i havent tried this yet, but it sounds so good i had to post it right away.  these are individual  pizzas you can assemble yourself on a prepared  crust, or on an already prepared  frozen cheese pizza.  i cant decide which way ill go first.  i suspect you could make two large pizzas, also.  (edited to add:  in fact, in her cookbook, paula does indeed make this as 2 large pizzas for a party for teenagers.)   see the note for possible variations.   recipe halves easily.
Ingredients: vegetable oil, green bell pepper, fresh mushrooms, prepared pizza crust, chunky salsa, mexican blend cheese, black olives, cooked ham, lettuce, sour cream
Steps: position the oven rack at the lowest level, if you have a pizza stone , place it in the oven on the rack, preheat the oven to 425 degrees, heat the oil in a small saucepan and cook the green pepper and mushrooms over medium heat until crisp-tender , about 2 minutes, cut the crusts into biscuit sized pieces using a biscuit cutter, distribute the vegetables evenly over the crusts, reserve 1 cup of the salsa and spoon the remaining salsa evenly over the pizzas, if you dont have a pizza stone , place the pizzas on a baking sheet, they wont be as crisp this way , but this is a lot less messy than placing them directly on the rack, bake the pizzas for 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven , then sprinkle with the cheese, bake 7 minutes more, serve the pizza slices topped with the reserved salsa , olives , cooked ham , shredded lettuce and sour cream, an italian style pizza uses tomato sauce and provolone cheese, a vegetarian style pizza simply omits the meat

Recipe ID: 211776, Score: 0.2325
Name: best vegetarian pizza
Description: this is the best veggie pizza i have ever had, and i do not like veggies but i will eat them just for this recipe. it is a two step process making your sauce and then cutting up all of your veggies for toppings. it is a very cool and refreshing taste i love to eat my cold pizza and drink a big glass of lemon sweet tea on ice.
Ingredients: sour cream, cheese, miracle whip, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, garlic powder, broccoli, cauliflower, carrot, radish, yellow pepper, pizza crust
Steps: mix sour cream , miracle whip , garlic powder , peppers , and 1 cup of your cheese all togather in mixing bowl, <----this will be your sauce, i usually get already made pizza crust but i will throw it in the oven for 5 or 10 minutes let it cool completely, then spread your sauce all over the crust, be sure to finely chop all peppers, top with all of your remaining ingredients veggies , and cheese refrigerate and enjoy ! keep cold and serve cold, you can add tomatos i would pat them dry though

Recipe ID: 181246, Score: 0.2314
Name: sausage pepper pizza
Description: we eat a lot of pizza at our house. it is easy to make and dhs favorite. im always looking for new toppings... this one is from cooking light. december 1999.
Ingredients: mushrooms, onion, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, water, dried basil, dried oregano, dried thyme, sun-dried tomato chicken sausage, pizza dough, cooking spray, pizza sauce, part-skim mozzarella cheese
Steps: preheat oven to 425, place a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until hot, add first 9 ingredients, cook 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender and liquid almost evaporates, remove mixture from heat , and set aside, unroll dough , and press into a 12-inch pizza pan coated with cooking spray, bake at 425 for 7 minutes or until crust just begins to brown, s, pread pizza sauce evenly over crust , leaving a 1 / 2-inch border, top with sausage mixture, sprinkle with cheese, bake at 425 for 8 minutes or until crust is golden

Recipe ID: 97709, Score: 0.2292
Name: green lantern pizza
Description: another reverse engineered deweys pizza. this pizza is of superhero proportions.
Ingredients: prepared pizza crust, pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, garlic cloves, sliced mushrooms, soft fresh goat cheese, canned artichoke heart, basil pesto
Steps: par bake crust 5 minutes, place ingredients on crust and bake at 500f for 8-10 minutes on a heated pizza stone

Recipe ID: 2344, Score: 0.2282
Name: absolutely yummy vegetable pizza
Description: this is one of my favorite pizza recipes. i stole the idea from a local grocery store deli that stopped making this pizza several years ago. i think this is just as good as what they sold.
Ingredients: prepared pizza crust, cauliflower, broccoli, carrot, red bell pepper, mushroom, mozzarella cheese, cream cheese, ranch salad dressing, sour cream
Steps: in a bowl , mix the sour cream , ranch dressing , and cream cheese together until mixture is smooth, spread mixture evenly on top of pizza crust, spread vegetables evenly across pizza, cover pizza with cheese, bake at 500 degrees for five minutes or follow your pizza crust instructions

Recipe ID: 11431, Score: 0.2281
Name: award winning pizza
Description: this pizza is special. omg it was the most delicious pizza. this recipe is simple, totally amazing, mouth watering and will make you want more and more and more...
recipe from food network.
Ingredients: pizza dough, heavy cream, mozzarella cheese, pancetta, zucchini, cream cheese
Steps: place a pizza stone on the floor or the lowest rack of your oven, preheat the oven to 500f, pat the pizza dough into a 12-inch diameter circle, spread on the heavy cream , then the mozzarella, place the pancetta slices on so there is pancetta on each slice of pizza, finally add the zucchini and chunks of the cream cheese, slide the pizza onto the stone and bake for 8 for 10 minutes, yummy !

Recipe ID: 173088, Score: 0.2280
Name: reuben pizza
Description:  
Ingredients: dijon mustard, boboli pizza crusts, swiss cheese, corned beef, sauerkraut, caraway seeds
Steps: spread each pizza crust with 1 tablespoon of mustard, sprinkle half of the cheese evenly over the pizza crusts, place corned beef slices evenly over the pizza crusts , folding as needed, spread the remainder of the mustard evenly over the corned beef slices on each pizza, add sauerkraut evenly onto each pizza, sprinkle remainder of cheese evenly over each pizza, sprinkle with caraway seeds, place pizzas on a pre-heated baking sheet, bake at 450 for 10-12 minutes or until pizzas are well heated and cheese is melted

Recipe ID: 220382, Score: 0.2279
Name: valentino pizza crust
Description: my great grandmother worked at the original valentinos pizza place in lincoln, ne. she was nearly 80 and her job was to put the sauce on the pizza. today, it is a chain of restaurants, buffet style. i still remember what it was like to be in the back of that busy kitchen!
Ingredients: hot water, sugar, dry yeast, oil, salt, flour, pizza sauce, pizza toppings
Steps: stir hot water , sugar and dry yeast until blended, add oil , salt and flour, stir until mixture forms a soft ball, let rest 5 minutes, roll out on a pizza stone, top with your favorite pizza sauce and toppings, bake 400 15 minutes or until golden brown

Recipe ID: 180118, Score: 0.2279
Name: sara garlic pizza
Description: i make this for my son when the rest of us have normal pizza!
Ingredients: pizza crust, olive oil, garlic cloves, parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese, tasty cheese
Steps: combine the garlic and olive oil , and spread over the pizza base, combine the cheeses , and scatter evenly over pizza, bake at 180c for 20 minutes , or until cheese is melted and bubbly

Recipe ID: 218731, Score: 0.2276
Name: tuscan chicken pizza
Description: had some pizza dough and leftover grilled chicken that needed to get used, so i threw together a simple pizza, and it was the best ive ever made! the whole fam loved it.
Ingredients: pizza dough, tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, cooked chicken, fresh basil, dried parsley, black pepper
Steps: preheat oven to 425, roll out pizza dough on a well floured surface, place onto pizza pan that is dusted with cornmeal , or drizzled with olive oil, spread tomato sauce over dough in a thin , even layer, top with fresh basil, evenly sprinkle cheese onto pizza, top with chicken , especially places not covered with cheese, sprinkle parsley over the cheese, finish of with a little freshly ground black pepper , to taste, bake for 18-20 minutes , or nutil crust is golden, let pizza cool about 5 minutes before slicing

Recipe ID: 116636, Score: 0.2276
Name: kate l tipsy mushroom pepperoni pizza
Description: this is my signature pizza creation, set apart from your ordinary pepperoni and mushroom pizza by the fennel seeds and recipe #323900 #323900.  i first read about fennel seeds when dh was given a spice set; fennel is supposed to aid the digestion of fatty things such as pepperoni and reduce gerd.  we enjoy the slight anise-flavored crunch taste sensation, and dhs picky-eater son has embraced fennel seeds as well.  portabello mushrooms benefit from some precooking before loading as toppings; to avoid adding even more fat to my cheesy pizza, i began sauteeing my mushrooms in dry sherry in the microwave, as in recipe #323900 #323900.  in a pinch, i use drained canned mushroom slices, but that hint of sherry flavor of the tipsy mushrooms really sets off my signature pizza.  i use half mozzarella and half sargents shredded 6-cheese italian blend for my ultimate pizza, but you can use whatever mix of cheeses you prefer.  we strongly prefer margarita sliced pepperoni over hormels.  dh and i always loved boboli pizza crust and boboli pizza sauce; if you want even bolder manly taste, i recommend using 2bleus recipe #265466 #265466 and recipe #255242 #255242.  cheese lovers will want to increase the amount of cheese, i gave the standard amount.
Ingredients: boboli pizza crust, pizza sauce, fennel seed, pre-shredded mozzarella cheese, italian cheese blend, pepperoni, mushrooms
Steps: if making own pizza crust and / or pizza sauce , prepare them first, preheat oven to 450 degrees fahrenheit , or follow directions for pizza cooker, spread pizza sauce over browned side of boboli crust, sprinkle fennel seeds over pizza, sprinkle mozzarella cheese over pizza , followed by special gourmet-blend cheese, lay out 12 slices of pepperoni around the outer edge of the pizza , then distribute the 6 remaining slices on an inner circle, voila , you have marked your pizza for 6 slices !, prepare, distribute sauteed mushrooms over top of pizza, i try to be artistic, bake at 450 degrees fahrenheit for 12-15 minutes , or until cheese starts to brown, cut into 6 slices and serve hot

Recipe ID: 169878, Score: 0.2274
Name: rachael ray chicken parm pizza
Description: this is such a versatile pizza to make.  instead of ground chicken, you can use diced up chicken breasts; instead of shredded provolone you can use shredded mozzarella.  make as recipe states, or use what you have in the frig--its a great weeknight meal that can be made in a jiffy.
Ingredients: pizza crust, cornmeal, extra virgin olive oil, ground chicken, garlic cloves, onion, salt, pepper, flat leaf parsley, crushed red pepper flakes, dried oregano, tomato sauce, parmigiano-reggiano cheese, provolone cheese, fresh basil
Steps: preheat oven to 425f, coat hands and work surface with a little cornmeal or flour, using your hand or a rolling pin , form a 14-inch round pizza, place pizza on a baking sheet or pizza stone and poke the top with a few holes, drizzle a little bit of extra-virgin olive oil down over the dough and place in oven, bake 10 minutes, meanwhile , heat a deep skillet over medium-high heat with 2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil, add meat and break it up with a wooden spoon, to browned meat , add garlic and onions , then season with salt and pepper, cook together 5 to 6 minutes then add parsley , red pepper flakes , oregano and the tomatoes to the pan, heat the sauce through, remove pizza from oven after 10 minutes and top with sauce and cheeses, return to oven and bake until golden and bubbly , another 10 to 12 minutes, top the pizza with basil , cut and serve

